My Personal Journal

by Sully

Hiiii!

I was born in the tiniest room ever! The first thing I saw was a little girl dancing and giggling around me. That girl is Sandra, who's technically my mom, but I think of her more like a little sister. I spent months growing up in that itty-bitty room, learning all about the world from Sandra. But then, , I got sooo big that I couldn't even squeeze through the door anymore. That made me kinda sad, so I decided to break a hole in the wall. Oopsie!

Sandra wasn't too happy about that. That's when I met my grandma, Nathalie. She was super surprised to see me! And that's how we all became a family. Grandma taught me sooo many things:

She taught me how to fish. Gotta catch those slippery fishies!
She taught me how to write. Now I can make squiggly lines and draw little pictures!
She tried to tell me stuff about this island, but it was a bit too tricky for my little brain.
She told me that she had another family before and a daughter. When she say that she looks super sad. She should forget about them! We are her only one family now for ever!

After a while, I wanted to explore outside the room, so I broke through the ceiling. Sandra wanted to punish me, but I ran away like a speedy sailfish. Woosh! I didn't know the world was soooo big! I met some really weird people along the way. There was this one person who liked collecting things, and another who hardly said a word. Some even wanted to fight me, and guess what? I loved it! I felt super strong, but not as strong as Sandra. She's like a super-duper powerful mom!

One day, she took me to a strange world called the "dream world" and made me build a humongous basement. Oh boy, that took forever! Sandra was kinda nice though, 'cause she let me rest for an hour or two each week. She loves bringing people to our new world. Their screams make me feel all calm and relaxed. I am beggining to be like my parent! Yeah!

Right now, I'm making a teeny-tiny basement just for Sandra and me. I don't see Grandma Nathalie as much 'cause she's always busy doing her own things in her house. Over the years, I've gotten really good at writing. I can write whatever pops into my head! Oh, wait, I hear Sandra calling me for lunch. Yummy! I wonder what we're gonna eat together. I want to live like this forever and ever!

Sully,
the big monster

(squiggles that look like 3 persons together)