-------------------

           DIARY

             OF

   Nathalie Lombarde

-------------------

11 June
-------

I cannot believe my eyes. This is it. This is the famous Island of  Bouïane. Some people travels all their life to find this island and here we are... I can finally change the world. With this money... My dream... will be done... 
All members of the commitee, I hope you are seeing this. I will prove you! This is a great day.  

12 June
-------

We arrived in the Island. We are putting on the tent and exploring the area. There are some foods. I caught a tropical fish! I am so happy, i never caught one previously. Mark wanted that we eat it. What a fool. I want to
keep it as a souvenir. We are all so happy. Tonight, the drinks are on me! The moon is beautif...

13 June
-------

It is not possible!! What is happening. The boat sunks, a lot of colleges are dead. It is not possible. Not here. Not now... These monsters... I am not afraid of them! We found a nearby cave were we can sleep without bothering. 
Mark was bitten by one of the "zombies". For now he is alright. The positive point is that the majority of thoses monsters disapear at the morning. But this green one... We need to be careful of him.
Some corruption seems to be present on this island. Some of them are really dangerous and seems to reject toxic gases.

14 June
-------

Mark feels better. I am so glad. It is good. Now that we have founded a place to hide, the nights are no longer a problem. With our weapons we can kill them without too much difficulties. We began to construct graves for the deceased.

15 June
-------

(Jean)

Do you plan to read everything? This book is so long. 

(YOU)

I am curious I want to know what happens to them.

(Jean) 
 
*glare intensively*

(YOU)

Ok. In fact I should also concentrate myself we have a lot to do. I am a little concerned about this night things. I will get faster.

10 July
------

Your research are advencing quite well. This Island has a lot of interesting stuff in it. I created my first breathing potion. We can finally get down inside the lake. The first team has already gotten inside. 
During our search we founded a stone capable of healing wound. But they seems to be effective only once. The first dissections were made. We need to understand how to counter it. We are beginning to lack food. I had the great idea to try the "zombies". It seems that we can eat those. I also analyzed the different monsters to see if they had weak points...  
We are beggining to construct a need basement to be more confortable. We even added a balcony. I love to fish from there. I can forgot all my problems. I like to see them swinging on the hook. With 4 other members we began to write an article to keep as a momento.
I like to gather more and more informations about the monsters.

13 July
------

We don't have any news about the group that went inside the lake. Mark is beginning to feel sick... The symptoms are nothing like those our physician knows. I hope everythings goes well.

17 July
------

It isn't possible... Mark turned into a "zombie". We decided to attach him waiting to see if there was a way to revive him. Others people also tends to feel unwell, we need to find a remedy fast.
A group of explorers came back a mysterious shiny stone...

22 July
---------

This stone is so beautiful. It can heal any desease it seems but we can use it only once. Mark doesn't seems well. I try to confort him but to no avail.
I began some tests on our zombified comarade they bite doesn't seems contagious, the problem seems to be coming from the air. 

26 July
---------

We lack foods... Poeple are agitated, they want to find a solution. They seems distants, to not trust me anymore, some says I am beginning to get mad too. 
They don't understand what we are doing... We can change the face of the world. Mark seems hungry, maybe if I can appease his hunger, he will turn back into
a human.

30 July
---------

I am currently hiding in a little cave. Those guys are beggining to get mad. They wanted to kill me... Christophe initiated an insurestion against me.
They founded an ancient text saying that this Island can grant wish in exanche for a sacrifice and wants to try it on me... I am bleeding... I am cold... my dreams... my husband... I lost them both... I am feeling sick...

31 July
--------

In this situation I think I founded a remedy to heal a person transmed into a zombie. I would like to try it on Mark... Maybe this will be my last research...

1 August
--------

The method works! A new theorie also came to my mind I think I find how to make those stone that can heal anything. But not sure I want to share that
knowledge with them. They will all die with me!

2 August
--------

I... have difficulty writing... My vision feels blurry... My hands are shaking... I am cold... I need to continue...  I will change this world...
